docs: Fix inaccuracies, unify wording, and expand SDK documentation (#921)
apify/apify-sdk-python: docs/02_concepts/02_actor_input.mdx

The Actor gets its [input](https://docs.apify.com/platform/actors/running/input) from the input record in its default [key-value store](https://docs.apify.com/platform/storage/key-value-store).

> To access it, instead of reading the record manually, you can use the <ApiLink to="class/Actor#get_input">`Actor.get_input`</ApiLink> convenience method. It will get the input record key from the Actor configuration, read the record from the default key-value store, and decrypt any [secret input fields](https://docs.apify.com/platform/actors/development/secret-input).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access it, instead of reading the record manually, you can use the <ApiLink to="class/Actor#get_input">`Actor.get_input`</ApiLink> convenience method. It gets the input record key from the Actor configuration, reads the record from the default key-value store, and decrypts any [secret input fields](https://docs.apify.com/platform/actors/development/secret-input).
```
